so six years ago Tesla rolled a bit of a
surprise off the back of a truck and it
was the Roadster 2.0 a two-door electric
sports car I should say Supercar with
absurd specs world record acceleration
just filthy numbers this would be the
flagship Smackdown to all gas cars as it
was promised but since then they've had
a little bit of a re-shuffling of their
priorities you could say they've got a
whole cyber truck they're trying to make
now other stuff they're going to mass
produce so I guess what I'm trying to
say is that Roadster is indefinitely
delayed which is a bit of a bummer so I
guess the smackdown's gonna have to wait
actually wait hold on
hold that thought
foreign
[Music]
Avera and it is absolutely the smackdown
of gasoline cars that we knew was
eventually coming you've been able to
buy one million two million three
million dollar gas supercars for years
now but electric cars are of course
newer and they're exploding onto the
scene so now we get to see what an
all-out technologically advanced maximum
performance all-electric hyper car
actually looks like and feels like
romance has made one car before the
rematch concept one I was actually lucky
enough to test that car too that tiny
little thing they only made eight copies
of that then they started working on the
romance concept 2 as they got acquired
by Volkswagen group and merged with
Bugatti so that concept too became this
Nevada which they'll only make 150 of
and will cost 2.4 million dollars so so
to be fair this isn't a completely
different Stratosphere than the promise
Tesla Roadster but the idea for all of
them
is the same
just make the fastest car
possible and so of course it's electric
you know those like Scale of the
Universe videos on YouTube where the
numbers you see you see the scale of
things get bigger and bigger until the
numbers just don't even make sense
anymore and they're not comprehensible
by the human brain
that's this car zero to 60 miles an hour
1.74 seconds
world record zero to a hundred miles an
hour in 3.2 seconds world record quarter
mile 8.3 seconds world record zero to
200 miles an hour in 10 seconds world
record zero to 250 to zero in under 30
seconds world record there's there's 23
World Records on this list and one of
them is the record for most records
broken in a day these numbers don't
really make any sense so I need to feel
this for myself so uh track mode
the wing pops up everything turns red
100 front power 100 rear power put on
the brake
put on the gas
three two
[Music]
foreign
oh my god
oh wow wow I've never felt that in my
face I think we can do it better I think
we can do it even better so let's do
that quarter mile straight line one more
time
but this time next to me is going to be
a very very fast car
the Porsche 911 Turbo S that car does 0
to 60 in under two and a half seconds
I'm gonna give that 640 horsepower
all-wheel drive Porsche a two second
Head Start
in a 400 yard race now let's see what
this romance does to that very fast
Porsche
[Music]
zero one two
crazy
[Music]
nothing is supposed to walk a car like
that I mean this car is fast but
there you have it this is a street legal
electric car after all though so uh
around normal roads how does it drive so
I'm driving in range mode right now
which by default is a hundred percent
front axle power 30 rear axle and the
softest suspension and the least
aggressive acceleration the brakes are
still really strong but honestly this is
a very compliant car that's one of these
things that I think is inherently going
to be better about all these electric
supercars is they can be really really
soft and friendly despite having 2 000
horsepower available the second you want
it as I'm looking at the top I have
almost 100 battery and about 100 miles
of range estimated so I'm assuming it's
going to tell me that my range is low
based on how I've driven in the past and
this car has not been babied so I guess
I should shock me but we are working
with 120 kilowatt hour battery so pretty
big battery the quad Motors uh and it
will estimate
say about 300 miles of range on a full
charge which is pretty good it has that
CCS cord right behind my head and it'll
charge from zero to eighty percent on a
fast charger in 20 minutes and then this
is also a really there's a funny
combination of parts I talk a little bit
in the autofocus video about this car
about how they got bought by the
Volkswagen group they got a bunch of
money into this company and they're
merged with Bugatti now so it's Bugatti
rematched and there's a lot to this car
that actually reminds me of Bugatti
where they clearly could have been
lighter uh but they didn't they went
with high quality stuff everywhere
basically everything in this car is
either carbon fiber or metal and it is
rock solid there's not a ton of uh
dampening or like ice noise isolation or
foam or anything like that like I can
hear the Rocks like going through the
wheel well it feels like a relatively
heavy but still compact sports car I
kind of like it also one more thing I've
noticed uh so the dashboard of this car
the primary thing in the middle is the
speed and it actually changes the color
based on the mode you're in we'll get to
the modes but also my uh estimated range
has been going up as I've been driving
so it knows I've been going slower Kudos
but also it shows my total power output
and regen in a live counter on the side
when I hit the brake pedal the regen
number actually goes up so that means
they're adding regen before blending in
the friction breaks so it feels and
drives like a normal car it costs mostly
when I let off the accelerator but it
behaves a lot like Porsche's taikan and
that same 800 volt system which means
hitting the brakes starts with regen
then adds friction breaks it's clever
even the infotainment is kind of
interesting it is a big touch screen in
the middle of a car interestingly with
some storage behind it that you could
just pull back to reveal but there's a
bunch of features there's a 360 camera
there's a map there's also a button on
the steering wheel that has a little
picture of like a voice control when I
press it it says this car is going to
get voice commands and Apple carplay and
Android auto with a software update if
it actually does get all those things
and it's wireless that would make this
one of the best car infotainment systems
of any hyper car I've ever seen but as
of right now it doesn't have that but
you can still connect your phone and
play Bluetooth music on the Focal
Speakers which are all over the cabin so
I really think that in this transition
or in this upcoming boost of all these
electric cars one of the most impressive
things about them is the Jekyll and Hyde
Factor the fact that these cars can have
multiple personalities obviously it's
super cool and super aggressive and
snarling to have a gas car that has a
ton of power and sounds amazing all the
time I'm surrounded by those cars right
now you can't even see but a really
impressive electric car can be both
really fast and performant
and really soft and docile and smooth
and I think this is one of those
examples where just driving it around
like normal feels really soft and smooth
and if it goes into sport mode or Cruise
mode or track mode well it sort of puts
a mask on so I had to look it up to
remember which is which but the Dr
Jekyll guy the nice guy is just driving
in range mode or Cruise mode all the
gauges are blue and green and there's a
smooth soft throttle response soft
suspension lighter steering and the rear
wing is all the way down at its lowest
setting just to glide through the air
with maximum efficiency and minimal drag
it's almost shockingly calm you'd never
know about all the horsepower underneath
your foot but with the soft steering and
the regen braking it feels and drives
I'm not even joking just like a super
low Tesla Model 3 with Incredible brakes
but the Mr Hyde is the evil one and in
this very same car just by turning the
knobs and going into sport mode or track
mode dialing up the power and everything
turning yellow and red you tighten up
the steering you stiffen the suspension
the throttle response from the pedal
becomes much more linear with your foot
like it's incredibly reactive just
touching the pedal and the huge carbon
fiber Wing extends up and out into the
air completely nuking your rear
visibility to create more downforce to
keep you planted to the road along with
an active rear splitter down underneath
to redirect air
plus if you're fast enough and hit the
brakes hard enough the wing will flip up
and become an air brake to help you slow
down even faster this whole car
basically tightens up even more than it
already was around you and becomes a
weapon of speed and precision I've never
felt a car where you have such direct
and immediate control over exactly how
fast you're going at any moment more
than the Plaid Model S more than any gas
car I've ever tried the lag is just
non-existent it's pretty incredible so
anyway I guess the point is this is
still that moment that we are waiting
for for electric cars even if it didn't
come from Tesla all those records that I
was talking to you about before those
weren't electric car records those were
production car world records everything
this does in a straight line is faster
than the Bugatti Chiron now I feel like
the number one comment I can already see
below this video is oh but I'd rather
take the shear on I'd rather take any of
the gas cars any day because of the
noise and the soul and the fun of it and
I get that to an extent obviously see a
two million dollar exotic hyper car
should have fun it's way more about fun
than practicality so I understand that
but the point is the future of cars is
now proven to be electrified in some way
the newest Corvette Flagship is
electrified the newest Lamborghini
Flagship is electrified the newest
Ferrari Flagship is electrified the
newest Bugatti coming up will be
electrified the new McLaren Flagship to
replace the P1 will be electrified and
that's what we've learned so in the
meantime it was exciting getting to
drive this one of 150 super rare
expensive car shout out to the triple F
collection for letting me come out here
and actually beat on this car and really
drive it it was incredible check out
their channel for more races with this
car and other exotic cars also go check
out the studio Channel if you want to
see a whole bunch of people at the
studio not only help shoot this video
but also experience the ridiculous
acceleration also the autofocus channel
for all the other car stuff
I think that's it okay
speed is ruined for me forever thanks
for watching peace
foreign